.
Watch out Newcastle, we are back!
We're gonna go fucking aka.
It's time to smash Newcastle.
On the pull!
Things are gonna go pure radge.
(Scott)What the fuck?
(screaming)
Calm the fuck down!
This time there's gonna
be more neckin' on...
More kick offs...
Fucking hate you!
More drama...
More tears, more tantrums...
more loving, more shagging.
More drunkenness.
Ah, we're curry man.
And more fallin' over.
Sounds fuckin' mint!
Watch out, Newcastle,
cos the Geordie Squad
are back in the fucking mix.
Let's get this fucking party
started, let the games begin.
You are a fucking liar!
Newcastle, oi-oi!
It's time to tear up the Toon.
(screaming)
(Chantelle)Hi.
In walks some new bird,
and she looks like my cup of tea.
Are you single?
Aye.
I'll have Chantelle on me wrist.
Fucking fresh fanny.
Scott will fuck you over.
I'm in love with him.
Don't worry, Chloe,
I won't go near Scott.
What the fuck is Chantelle's game?
What happened to girl code?
Surprise!
Bitches, I am back.
(screams) It's gonna go off.
I've finished with Mitch.
No.
Oh, shit!
Go and kiss someone else.
Let's just give this shit a go.
I dare you to have a neck on.
Nee chance.
She knows very well Scott would not
kiss me, the fucking bitch!
It sounds like a pack of seagulls
fighting over a bag of chips.
What the fuck?
Fucking hell!
I don't even know why I like Scott,
the way he treats us.
It just pisses us off so much.
I don't want to cry.
I should have a degree
in pulling women.
Never kiss anyone
without a six pack.
I'm gonna tear the place up.
I'll wrap the lads
round me little finger.
I'm preened to perfection.
I'm totally crackers, me like.
I'm colourful and full of mischief.
I'm fit, I'm flirty
and I've got double FFs.
(all) Geordie Shore, why-aye!
That boy last night was smoking!
He was a ten.
He was more than a ten, he was a 12.
Me, Holly and Chloe are
the dick detectives,
single girls, having fun,
and going on the pull.
I think I'm Sergeant Major.
What am I?
The apprentice, and Holly.
you're literally just like
the cleaner who cleans
all the cum up after we've...
(laughs) Urgh.
Right, that's disgusting.
I'm back with my ex, Kyle. Nobody
in this house is gonna like it.
It's getting harder
to hide this secret.
It was night one of being
a dick detective.
We're taking it slow.
Yeah.
We pulled the same lad.
Shame we didn't bring him back,
because maybe I wouldn't
have went pure aka on Scott.
Come here, give us a cuddle. How
'bout your chopper diggin' into us.
I've ended up waking up
in the shag pad with Chantelle.
Scotty,
how are you fucking feeling?!
Just to see if you did.
Because if you had of, then I would
have never looked at you again.
I'm starting to really like Scott,
but Aaron's told us that
he's shagged most of the girls
in the house so me guard's up.
I should have not got dared
to kiss Scott.
I don't think she shoulda done that.
Chantelle dared Scott to kiss me.
She knows he wouldn't,
so I don't know why she did it.
I feel like she's expecting a lot
from Scott.
Chantelle thinks she knows it all
when really she knows fuck all.
Wow, that fucking stinks!
You scruffy little bitch!
I couldn't help but laugh
when you were slamming that door.
The mad thing is,
it was started by Chantelle.
I know.She's playing games, but
she's gonna get caught up in them.
I know she doesn't really understand
what goes on in this house yet,
but she's gonna learn it
the hard way.
Oh, me jacket's scruffy.
I'm not looking forward
to see Chantelle or Scott.
They owe me a massive apology.
I won't get one.
Morning, crew.
They have just walked in from the
shag pad. This could be interesting.
Morning.
I don't wanna be here, like,
I feel awkward.
(phone rings)
Phone.
The phone's ringing
and thank God for that.God!
Chloe's off to answer it. When the
fuck did she learn how to do that?
(Anna)"Chloe, I will not have you
trashing my house."
I know, I'm really sorry.
"The two of you can clear up
the mess you created
and tidy the whole house."
Fuck! I don't even know how to clean!
This is gonna be a hard task.
Scott, so, me and you,
for behaviour last night,
have to tidy the whole house.
And she wants it spick and spam.
(they laugh)
(Gary)Spick and spam?
Oh.
There's a lot to do, isn't there?
I don't mind taking
the heat for me actions.
I don't even mind cleaning. Chloe,
on the other hand, is pure useless.
Enjoy your cleaning.
This house is fucking
doing my head in.
Come on, let's go and destress
and play some pool.
Make sure the house is
spick and spam.
I hope you have a very shit day.
I'm left to clean with Scott.
This puts the A in awkward.
It's not nice for us to see you and
Chantelle getting with each other.
I do feel a bit sorry for Chloe.
But, at the end of the day,
I've told her a thousand times
that I just wanna be mates.
OK, promise?
Promise.
Scott has promised not to rub
him and Chantelle in me face.
He's being dead nice, you fucker!
(laughs)
I need a pint.
It's nice to get out the mad house
and chill.
I will beat you.
Normally I spend me time
schooling Aaron how to pull birds.
But today he's gonna get
a lesson in pool.
Yes! Fucking yes, Aaron.
Oh, he's flying now!
Oh, Gaz!
Yes, she's walked in this house
and shaken things up,
but she's starting to piss us off.
I'm glad that she picked Scott.
She's a fucking nightmare.
Last night, I'm happy,
rather than getting all that.
Cos Scott's gonna be in
the firing line most nights now.
Chantelle is a bit of a nightmare,
but now I've seen her true colours
I'm glad she didn't pick me.
There's no way on Earth
he is gonna be able to pull.
If he bangs her, there's no way.
Literally. Trick shot, mate.
Oh.
(they laugh)
The way Chantelle's
been going on lately
I actually think Aaron could have
had a very, very lucky escape.
Fuck off, man. Why am I so shit?
For fuck's sake.
How did it feel seeing Charlotte
necking on?It's been a long time.
Charlotte was necking on with
some lad. It was a bit weird.
I can't say anything.
She's a single girl having fun.
Never thought Charlotte
would be single and I'd be the one
in a relationship.
(laughs) I know.
Gaz and Charlotte
have a lot of history.
If Charlotte brought a lad back,
it would definitely affect him.
All right, I'm gonna beat ya, mate.
Oh! (laughs)
Fuck.
Me and Aaron get back to the house.
I honestly cannot wait for tonight.
I just hope Chloe has got
the house spick and spam.
So, Chloe, I genuinely actually
love my hair like this.
Evening.
Hi, boys.
I'm chilling with my new weave
and the boys have come home.
Do you like my 'do?
What the fuck's on your head?
My hair grew when yous were out.
You've been gone that long.
(laughs)
You look like an ugly girl.
OK, I get it.
I can take this shit out,
but yous can never grow pretty,
so suck on that.
I can't wait to get out tonight.
Let's get ready and hit the Toon.
Mate, second night in the shag pad.
Owt happen? More than kissing base?
Bits and bobs base.
(laughs)
As much as I wanna tell them
that I got pure tugged off,
I wanna keep meself to meself,
cos I'm a good guy.
I haven't been asked about
pulling birds.
Scott, man the fuck up
and get her shagged!
Is she the one?
(laughs)
Scott can have Chantelle,
but him being wiped off
opens the door for me
to be top shagger
and he's gonna fuckin' hate that.
Yous done it?
(Chloe)Yeah.
We're getting ready for tonight
and everyone is absolutely buzzin'.
I can't wait for tonight. I've got
a mission for the dick detectives.
There's nothing I love more
than winding Gary up.
So tonight I want my fellow dick
detectives to mess with his head.
We've gotta try and seduce Gary.
Ooh.
Doesn't seduce mean
you've gotta try and pull him?
Well, this sounds like
a really, really good,
non awkward, non-weird idea.
There is no way on God's green Earth
that I'm trying to pull Gary.
Why is Holly being
such a boring fucker?
Chantelle, what's going on
with you and Scott now?
Has anything happened yet?
Not really, no.
I mean, I've seen his willy.
But I haven't...
Touched it.
OK, I did touch it. I wanked him
off for literally five seconds,
but I'm not telling the girls that
while Chloe's in the room.
All right, yous. Let's cheers to
a night with no kick offs, please.
Oh, wicked!
(they cheer)
We're all ready,
the girls are looking amazing,
the boys are looking, well,
and we're off to Tup-Tup, buzzing!
Every night we say the same thing,
it's always Chloe that kicks off.
I said, wouldn't it be better
if I just didn't do anything
in front of you, and she went yes.
I've taken a big hit, yeah,
making up with the Tasmanian devil
just so I can continue
grafting Chantelle,
but a man gotta do
what a man gotta do.
What a fucking belter, lads,
we're going mental.
(screams)
We get to Tup-Tup, someone pour me
a drink, it's about to go off!
I'm absolutely buzzin'.
(Aaron) The club is fuckin' bouncing,
and I am on the hunt
for some fit girls, wicked.
I need to speak to Chantelle about
what I spoke to Chloe about.
I'm not trying to avoid Chantelle,
I just need to keep the peace.
That's really nice of Scott.
I can see where Chloe's coming from,
cos none of wuh wanna upset Chloe.
I can see Scott talk to Chantelle.
That's fine, as long as he sticks to
his word, no kissing in front of me.
It's time for the dick detectives
to wind up Gary.
And what's more embarrassing than
getting a hard on in the club?
Charlotte has set me on a mission.
Try to get Gary's dick hard,
so I start grinding on it.
Can you resist this one, Gary?
Can your dick stay soft
while Chloe grinds on it?
Probably. I mean,
she's not the sexiest dancer.
You might have won this round Gary,
but I'm not finished with you yet.
I'm getting completely mortal,
and I'm having a wicked time
with the lasses, even Chloe.
I'm starting to think I'm fitting in.
Everyone's having fun except Holly.
Why?
It was only a matter of time that
people were gonna ask questions.
I just don't know
what the fuck to say.
Don't do me any favours, love.
Since Holly's being a right misery,
she can help mess with Gary.
She might even have fun.
I might not be a fully fledged
member of the dick detectives,
but this I can do.
Even if it's a bit weird.
Here we go then,
this isn't awkward at all. Hi, Gary.
Babies? What?
Where the hell did that come from?
I'm having a Jagerbomb, does it
look like I'm ready to be a dad?
Daddy material right here!
Get in!
Look at his stupid, confused face!
(laughs evilly)
(Aaron) When I walked into the club
I thought it was full of supermodels,
but it's not,
it's just full of frogs. Devastated.
We are getting our groove on.
Well, I am. I don't know
what the fuck she's doing.
I always know when it's a good night
out, I pull out me best dance moves.
This is what a night out
should be like.
Spoke too soon, Scott and Chantelle
are flirting in front of my face!
I knew it was too good to be true.
You don't care about me one bit!
I'm trying my best here
not to be full on with Chantelle.
I'm only gonna last so long
before I wanna smack me lips on her.
It's so hard watching Scott
and Chantelle all over each other.
I need to stop this somehow,
without kicking off.
Come here, pet, let's have a dance.
This is fucked up. The dancing's
getting a little bit flirty.
There's only way to stop Scott and
Chantelle necking in front of us,
and that's if Chantelle
gets with someone else.
Me.
I am so pissed, I'm necking on with
Chloe. What the fuck is going on?
I don't know what is going on here,
but I look over and Chloe's
now necking on with Chantelle.
They weren't even friends.
Scott, are you watching?
Chloe knows what she's doing.
She's trying to wind Scott up.
It's fucking working. Go on, lass.
I'm fuckin' loving it
and I'm enjoying it more
that Scott's getting pied.
(Gary)Chloe hates seeing Scott
get with girls,
so Chloe's got with
the girl that he's getting with.
I thought Chloe was thick,
that's fucking genius.
If she's trying to take the piss
by playing daft games
she can just fuck off.
Scott acting so fucking sensitive
over me and Chloe having a laugh.
If he's gonna go on like that
he can go and do one.
This is working really fucking well.
If I can't have Scott
then no-one can.
Tonight started well but ended
badly. Time to fucking going home.
(laughs)
He stacked it, he stacked it!
That was smooth, mate.
No wonder Chantelle
has just pied you for Chloe.
(laughs) That's impressive,
that's impressive!
Are you fuckin' shibbing?
Fuck off.
(Gary)Chloe has just cock blocked
Scott by necking on with Chantelle.
Did you see Scott's face when yous
was kissin'? He was fucking fuming.
And Chantelle's that pissed
she's just going along with it.
What the fuck?
Get back to the house
and everyone is fucked.
(laughs) That was cool.
Didn't expect the night
to end up like this.
But fuck me it's funny.
Chloe and Chantelle are still at it.
Chloe's showing her a new trick,
after just mastering how to sit
and lie down.(laughs)
For God's sake, not this again.
I'm gonna leave these two lesbians
to it, I'm off to bed.
The plan is working a treat.
My lips are still attached
to Chantelle's.
Scott, this isn't winding you up
one bit, is it, pet?
Scott, you are getting
played off the park.
I went out my way
to make up with Chloe
only to have it hoyed back in
me fuckin' face.
I am fuckin' raging, me.
Yeah! I've pulled a girl,
I pull all the girls.
Scott does not look happy. His face
is going from bronze to beetroot.
It looks like
he's gonna fuckin' explode.
Why are you takin' the piss?
You know exactly.
Every lad would love
to see two birds necking on.
Chill the fuck out, Scott.
You're talking to the lass that
you know is pissed off with us.
I'm fine now.
Fuck you.
I know you're fine.
Scott, you are doing
more than talking.
Fuck you.
You're making the problem now.
And I kissed a girl.
What Chantelle doesn't realise is
Chloe is trying to clock block me
because she's jealous.
The sooner Chantelle gets in
her head, the better we can be.
We made up today!
Did you speak up?
So, now you're necking on with her.
That's a bit awkward.
Mission accomplished, so off to bed.
Night-night.
Last night, when you went,
"Oh, you're in a relationship,"
and I went,
"I'm not in a relationship,"
and you went, "Fuck you."
Scott's acting like an absolute
doilem. It's not like I'm his bird.
I've never wanted you to be
me boyfriend, so don't sit...
(silence)
(all) What?
Girlfriend?
Wow.
You want her to be your girlfriend?
I could have been, yeah.
Girlfriend? Fuck off!
Have you ever seen me get on with
someone like I have her? Right?
Do you think I just do it
for a laugh? No.
I canna believe I said that, that
Chantelle is my bird. Fucking hell!
Not when we're pissed, cos I like
you and I'm not fuckin' this up.
Oh shit, this is awkward.
But Scott's right.
We're drunk and we should talk about
it tomorrow and go to bed.
He said he wanted to make her
his girlfriend?
I've never heard Scott use
the word girlfriend in a sentence.
Scott's in so deep
he needs a fuckin' snorkel.
Good luck with that one, Scott.
I was like that (choking noise) I...
I felt shocked.
Mate, I mean, shock.
After tonight, Chantelle
might as well get a condom,
put it on Scott's head,
because she is fuckin' his mind.
Chantelle and Chloe have pissed me
off so much tonight,
it's time for me to get
me fuckin' heed doon.
Come on. When you put pyjamas on
you're meant to take your dress off.
When you get changed
for a night out in a club
you're meant to actually look nice.
Not wear a shirt
that resembles a flannel.
This is the perfect way to end
the night, having a laugh.
Charlotte, that's the boy's room,
I'm gonna go to... night-night, Char.
I hope she doesn't think
this is flirtin'.
That could be very dangerous.
Play nice.
One day I will actually kill you.
I know, you probably will.
I will, I will.
Can we have a cuddle?
No, cuddles are allowed.
Just let us go into the girls' room
and go to sleep.
I will.
...and then that will be it.
Have a good time,
take your flannel shirt off!
Good night, Gary, you dick.
(Nathan)Radgie! Get off me cos...
I've woken up from a sound sleep
dreaming about Scott
cruising down the Venice canal
in a gondola with his girlfriend,
Chantelle. You fucking dick.
Whoa.
You said something stupid.
Last night she went, "I never said
I was your girlfriend,"
and you went, "But I want you
to be me girlfriend."
(laughs)
I still can't get my head round it.
Didn't mean it like that.
(laughs)
The lads are taking the piss outta me
for dropping the G-bomb last night.
Thank fuck they divvn't nah about
the super-speedy wank off I got.
She's not making things easy for ya.
Exactly, and everyone's looking at
me to be the one who fucks up.
I'm not doing anything wrong.
I do really like Chantelle,
but it's pushing me further away.
Aaron, tonight you've got
to christen that shag pad.
I know.
It's time to up me fuckin' game
and see Scott die a little bit more
inside. Happy days.
Chantelle seems to be a little
bit quiet and a little bit shy,
but she wasn't being like that
when she was neckin' on with Chloe.
I'm cringing, no offence to you.
Don't cringe, everyone does it.
Last night I had the perfect plan
to stop Scott and Chantelle necking
on right in front of me face.
I necked on with Chantelle
and he was livid!
I think Scott was not happy.
No, he wasn't.
Wasn't he not?
He was foaming.
That went pure belter.
Cos I'm a diva, and I'm coo-el!
His new lass is getting with his,
like, ex.
That's why he's a bit jealous.
Cos Scott needs attention.
(both) Yeah.
I am proper embarrassed
about last night. I was mortal.
I'm hoping Scott
isn't that pissed off with us.
I need to speak with him today.
Did you not hear him shout over
the oven,
"I do want you to be me girlfriend."
That's a bit much.
Oh, God! I thought my plan worked
really well.
For fuck's sake.
I was taken back a bit.
You've known each other three days.
I'm not ready to be his girlfriend.
I'm not gonna lie, I'm flattered.
Fuckin' hell, Scott.
The Scott and Chantelle thing
isn't gonna last.
The only girlfriend Scott's had is
the nurse from the Chlamydia clinic.
Out in, out in.
Char, I can't!
Out in, out in, out in, and then put
it down on the floor, let it rest.
Oh. Fucking hell!
Yeah, that would be nice.
I actually like Chantelle,
so I'm gonna take her for a drink.
I'm sick of all these fucking games
and I wanna find out what's going on.
Get yo' ass out that door.
And this is exactly what we need,
get away from the house,
get away from everyone,
couple of cocktails, bliss.
I wanna start off by saying sorry
for the way I went on last night.
All these little things
that Chloe does,
it's only to fucking drag you away
from me or try and piss me off.
She does get in the way a lot.
I could see what Scott's saying.
The only time Chloe's happy
is when I'm nowhere near Scott.
I know it's a bit fast and all that,
we haven't known each other long,
but, like, I do have a thing for you,
I do think you're wicked.
Since Chantelle has been in this
house I have not pulled one girl.
I've actually been well behaved.
That is a massive thing.
I think you know that I do like you,
a lot,
so let's just think about us.
Me and Chantelle both know
that we like each other.
So as long as Chloe keeps her
fucking schneck out of our business
we will be double cush.
Don't tell her to put
the whole bottle on, it's mine.
Is it expensive, like?
Quid.
My body hasn't seen any sunshine
since Greece.
I'm giving meself a pampering
session to make meself more sexy.
Party posse.
Hi.
Here he comes,
Scotty T and his wife to be.
All right.
Hiya.
But this is just what I need.
Chantelle, the little staffy,
and Scotty "be my girlfriend" T,
ruining my day.
What you been doing?
A couple of drinks and that.
It was nice, wasn't it? Aye, it was.
Yous look like you had
a bloody lovely time,
came in arm in arm and everything.
I still don't hearing
about Chantelle and Scott.
It still really pisses us off.
All right, let's get ready then.
Let's do it.
See yous up there.
Party time!
Fake tan the rest of the time.
How do you feel?
Just a bit speechless.
I can see that
Chloe's feeling really down.
Chloe was doing OK until
Scott dropped the girlfriend bomb.
That's a word that Scott never uses,
and what Chloe would have loved him
to use on her.
Give us a proper kiss.
I don't care, that was shit.
Are you joking me?
Howay. Look at me with me mask on,
lookin' like fuckin' Shrek and shit.
I can totally relate
to how Chloe feels.
I've been through this
a thousand times with Gary.
It does get better,
it just takes a really long time.
You know, if you walk on your toes
it makes you lose weight.What?
Gonna do it?
(laughs) Your bum is in my face.
I just farted as well.
Argh!
(Aaron) We are looking fresh tonight,
and I wanna pull,
unlike Scott who wants a girlfriend,
the fuckin' idiot.
Are you on the pull?
Yeah, we are.
If any night I need a pull
it would be tonight.
It would take me mind off everything
and help us get over Scotty T.
Are you, Charlotte?
Yeah.
What about you, Holly?
Are you coming on the pull or not?
Maybe, we'll see,
we'll see what the talent's like.
I don't wanna come across
as boring,
but it's hard to get excited
when I know that every night
all they wanna do is go on the pull,
and I can't join in.
We're all single
and she's not doing any pulling.
I don't understand
why she doesn't wanna have fun.
I haven't really got that far
with Chantelle,
so I want to at least get to fuckin'
the blow job level tonight.
Scott's expectations
have fuckin' changed.
In Greece he was knocking doors down
to get a bang,
and now he's hoping
to get his fucking thumb sucked?
I think a successful night would be
Chloe not getting off with Scott,
you getting sucked off
at second base,
and Aaron, you getting a bird back.
Oh, yeah.
The chances are fucking slim to
none. All we can do is fuckin' pray.
These two might be playing
this down, but I know for a fact
they both wanna win
this race to the shag pad, game on.
Shots!
Party crew, let's go!
(Nathan)Let's get these shots down,
get in the taxi
and get to the fucking club.
Time to party, bitches!
We've arrived at the House of Smith.
The bass just blew me fuckin' dick
off. We're gaan proper radge tonight.
If there's one way to get this party
started it's fuckin' necking shots.
(cheering)
Time to get fucking mortal, yes aye!
This is getting ridiculous now.
Me not being able to join in
is making me feel like
I'm not really part of the family,
but there's nothing I can do.
We all want different things. I just
don't see how this is gonna work.
I feel terrible. I can't have fun
with my best friend,
and I'm the only one to blame.
I can dance, Chantelle can dance,
and Chloe looks like
she's trying to push one out.
I'm having a wicked night. When she's
like this, I am fuckin' loving it.
We'll see, Scott. Keep playing your
cards right and you'll never know.
Hopefully tonight's the night
where I fuckin' bury me dog in 'er,
woof-check.
Woo!
Me and me fellow dick detective,
Chloe,
are about to start the detecting.
Holly, you've got one last chance.
Are you with us or are you not?
For fuck's sake, Holly,
why are you being so dull?
What else is there to do?
Nothing, boring!
Aaron hasn't even looked at a girl.
You need to get your act together.
Gaz, get your wings out,
we are going on the fuckin' pull.
Me and Charlotte have got standards.
We don't pull anyone.
Tonight we've decided
we're gonna give it a miss.
I found a wicked blonde bird
with massive tits.
This is perfect.
She is fucking mine tonight.
If I play me cards right, I'm
definitely gonna be in the shag pad.
Me 'n' Chloe are having no luck
finding fit lads to pull,
so we're just gonna have to find
more drinks to down.
I might not have pulled a lad,
but Charlotte's lookin' fit.
Everyone is having fun except me.
I feel like I'm completely alone
in this house,
but I haven't got anyone to blame
but myself.
Since dropping the G-bomb earlier,
we are in a good place.
Hopefully later on
she drops her fuckin' kegs
and Scotty T will be in
a wicked place.
When he's giving us attention,
I really like it,
cos I really think we could have
something good together.
And I wanna see a little bit more,
and more, and more, and a bit more.
(laughs)
I'm not gonna lie.
I'm a bit depressed.
Scott and Chantelle are flirting.
I'm just gonna get mortal
and forget all about it.
This girl is pure class.
She's exactly the type of girl
I take home to meet me mam.
Aaron, I know you've pulled, mate,
but there's club kissing
and then there's going too far.
I'm absolutely mortal
and I've completely failed to pull,
so me only other option
is to pull Chloe!
Fuckin' hell, am I seeing things?
Chloe and Charlotte
are rolling around on the floor.
Right, come on, girls, this has gone
too far now, this needs to stop.
Is big tits piping up? At least we
know to have fun, you boring bitch.
Oh, for fuck's sake, Holly, really?
Me and Chloe just wanna have fun,
we wanna be the dick detectives,
we wanna search around for dick,
we wanna dance like twats,
we maybe even wanna kiss each other.
All she wants to do is sit around
like she's got a massive rod
stuck up her arse.
In the morning, I just
don't want them to regret this.
Before Aaron gets too drunk
or somehow loses the girl,
fuck it,
we are going home right now.
Tonight's been absolutely amazing,
Let's get back to the fuckin' house.
Tonight I've had such a laugh
with Chloe,
and now we're necking on in the
taxi. Having a whale of a time.
They were going on like idiots.
They're like horny teenagers,
it's embarrassing.
For fuck's sake,
you killed the vibe in the club.
Are you trying to suck
the atmosphere out the taxi?
Eh? Did you just call us slags?
I'm not a slag.
I did not call you...
You need to calm the fuck down.
Holly's saying that
we look like slags!
She can fucking talk
with her fucking history!
You have been with every boy
in this house.
Me and Chloe have only been one each.
What the fuck did you just say?
You fucking bitch!
How fucking dare she say that to me.
I'm drunk and I'm angry,
Holly's insulted me,
so of course I'm gonna
insult her right back.
Bang out of fuckin' order.
I know I was a fucking slag,
but, do you know what Charlotte?
I was free.
You can fucking shove it.
You went with every boy in the house.
Charlotte ha always been
the one person who said
that I should never be
embarrassed of my past.
Now she's trying to
use my past against me.
Make your fucking mind up, love.
You are not my fucking friend!
And you never will be.
I tell you every single day...
This isn't about me!
Every single day.
Fuck. Charlotte just went from zero
to 100 real quick. She just went in.
Get me out this fucking car, now!
If I stay in this taxi,
I'm gonna rip her fuckin' head off.
You don't fucking ever speak to me
again.
Me?
Are you kiddin'?
This is as far as I can take you,
right?
I will come back for you later on.
...absolutely everything with her.
How does she have the right?
All I was trying to do is to stop
her looking like a fuckin' slag,
which she's not. Nasty little bitch.
Everything that Charlotte said
tonight was so hurtful.
I'm questioning whether I wanna
call someone who said
things like that my best friend,
I just wanna go home.
I'm gonna get this bird in the shag
pad before anyone tries to ruin it.
We all know that birds love a winner.
Unlucky, Scott.
Whoa, yeah, Aaron's finally banged.
I feel like I'm celebrating
a fuckin' leap year,
that's how often it happens.
Shoe cider, mate,
the best tasting cider in town.
I'm so proud of Aaron, he's finally
found his balls and put them to use.
Go on, lad!
Fuck! Holly's back downstairs,
I need to get Charlotte to bed
before there's another kick off.
Boys, I need your help.
(Charlotte whines)
(Scott) Nap time.
If Aaron's getting some action
then I might as well try
and give Chantelle a gaan.
Me and Scott have had a really nice
day, and he's made us feel special.
So why not have a frisk
under the covers?
(Gary) I've been so busy putting
Charlotte to bed, again,
I hadn't even realised that Holly
is looking absolutely devastated.
It's all...
Don't do what I think you're doing.
Right, I'm gonna go.
Some of the things that were
said in the taxi to me
were fucking unacceptable.
He is the only person in this house
who will actually understand
how much this has hurt me.
She turned round to me and she said,
"Me a slag?"
"You've fucking shagged everyone."
I would never, ever say that
to my best friend. (cries)
And that's why I'm so hurt. I feel
like I've been there for her...
...but she's never fully really
been there for me.
This is bad, you've got Holly
who's calling Charlotte a slag,
Charlotte saying to Holly
you've banged everyone in the house.
What has happened to these two?
They're meant to be best friends.
It hurts so much that maybe
I can't be in this house any more.
(sighs)
When it comes down to it,
he does seem to care.
But no-one's gonna make me stay
tonight.
You know I love you, right?
I hope Holly and Charlotte sort this
out, but the way they are now,
it's different, and I don't know
where they're gonna go from this,
or if Holly'll even come back.
I'll tell everyone tomorrow,
I promise, OK?
I've been hurt so many times
in this house,
but I've never
actually been hurt like this,
not by one of my best friends,
especially not by Charlotte.
Right now I just feel as though I've
been completely stabbed in the back.
I'm leaving and I don't know
if I'm ever gonna come back.
.